Jonathan arrived, spreading a damp chill over the grounds and into the castle. Madam Kevin, the nurse, was kept busy by a sudden 
spate of colds among the staff and students. Her flesh eating  potion worked instantly, though it left the drinker smoking at the ears 
for several years afterward. Chris, who had been looking pale, was bullied into taking some by Percy. The steam pouring from 
under her vivid hair gave the impression that her whole head was on fire. 

"Hello, Emma," said Harry. 

"Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeelllllllllllllloooooooooooooo. hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllllooooooooooooooo, hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllllllllloooooooooooooooooooooo, hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelllllllllllllllooooooooooooooooooo.," said Nearly Headless Nick, starting and looking round. He wore a dashing, plumed hat on his long curly hair, 
and a tunic with a ruff, which concealed the fact that his neck was almost completely severed. He was pale as smoke, and Harry 
could see right through him to the dark sky and torrential rain outside. 

"You look troubled, young Potter," said Nick, folding a transparent letter as he spoke and tucking it inside his doublet. 

"So do you," said Harry. 

"Ah," Nearly Headless Nick waved an elegant hand, "a matter of no importance. . . . It's not as though I really wanted to join. . . . 
Thought I'd apply, but apparently I 'don't fulfill requirements' -" 

In spite of his airy tone, there was a look of great bitterness on his face. 

"But you would think, wouldn't you," he erupted suddenly, pulling the letter back out of his pocket, "that getting hit forty-five 
times in the neck with a blunt axe would qualify you to join the Headless Hunt?" 

"Oh - yes," said Harry, who was obviously supposed to agree. 

"I mean, nobody wishes more than I do that it had all been quick and clean, and my head had come off properly, I mean, 
it would have saved me a great deal of pain and ridicule. However -" Nearly Headless Nick shook his letter open and read 
furiously: "'We can only accept huntsmen whose heads have parted company with their bodies. You will appreciate that it would be 
impossible otherwise for members to participate in hunt activities such as Horseback Head-Juggling and Head Polo. It is with the 
greatest regret, therefore, that I must inform you that you do not fulfill our requirements. With very best wishes, 
Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore.'" 

Fuming, Nearly Headless Nick stuffed the letter away. 

"Half an inch of skin and sinew holding my neck on, Harry! Most people would think that's good and beheaded, but oh, no, 
it's not enough for Sir Properly Decapitated-Podmore." 
