Quotes from Big Bang Theory:

Raj: I don't like bugs, okay. They freak me out.
Sheldon: Interesting. You're afraid of insects and women. Ladybugs must render you catatonic.

Leonard: My point is, while you're spending all this time on your own, building computers or practicing your cello,
what you're really doing is becoming interesting. When people finally do notice you, they're gonna find someone a lot
cooler than they thought. And for those of you that were popular in high school, it's over, sorry. Thank you. Congratulations.
#my life XD

Sheldon: Amy's mad at me, and I'm not clear why.
Penny: Okay, were you talking before she got upset?
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: That's probably it.

Sheldon: Sheldon Cooper does not cry.
Howard: That's true, you'd rust.

Sheldon: Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock crushes lizard, lizard poisons Spock, Spock smashes scissors,
scissors decapitates lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves Spock, Spock vaporizes rock, and as it always has,
rock crushes scissors.

Stuart: Oh, Sheldon, I'm afraid you couldn't be more wrong.
Sheldon: More wrong? Wrong is an absolute state and not subject to gradation.
Stuart: Of course it is. It's a little wrong to say a tomato is a vegetable, it's very wrong to say it's a suspension bridge.

Howard: You know, I'm really glad you decided to learn Mandarin.
Sheldon: Why?
Howard: Once you're fluent, you'll have a billion more people to annoy instead of me.

Sheldon: This song is never going to stop.Have you ever dealt with something so relentlessly irritating?
Leonard: That's a trick question, right?

Penny: Do I really force you to do things you don't want to?
Amy: Yeah, but it's okay.
Penny: How is it okay?
Amy: I promised myself if I ever got friends I'd do whatever they said. Really, I'm lucky you found me before a cult did.

#my main issue with the Big Bang theory is that they do not include enough female characters in the physical sciences.
#Amy is a neuroscientist (played by a real-life neuroscience PhD--how cool is that?), and Bernadette is a pharmaceutical testing technician
#Even Penny had joined STEM as a pharmaceutical sales rep as of last season
#But all three female characters are in the life sciences
#Any female characters who are in the physical sciences or technology--physicists, astronomers, engineers--are a one-episode occurrence
#They often appear as a plot point or a rival or a distraction for one of the male characters
#I used to be in the life sciences so this didn't bother me. I saw women in science who did what I did and it made me happy and proud.
#But now I am focusing on chemical physics.
#I don't see myself in the show anymore
#Big Bang Theory is our culture's most popular representation of scientists
#I'm sure it doesn't mean to, but the show renders women in the physical sciences invisible
#If the show could introduce a recurring female character in the physical sciences...
#...a character who appears in multiple episodes and is every bit as quirky and strange and worthy of screen time as any other character
#I would be a lot happier with the show
# and I think it would be a good thing for women in the sciences
#Young women can get an idea of what they can be based on what they see on screen
#Why not show them that they can occupy a full range of scientific careers, not just the life sciences?
#The physical sciences are too cool to just leave to the boys!
